Replace academy links with ComHub LP links (#2386)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/framework/event/add-custom-event.md

To create your own event for your plugin, you first need a plugin as base. Therefore, you can refer to the [Plugin Base Guide](../../plugin-base-guide).

::: info

> Refer to this video on **[Event dispatching and handling](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBpa5nBoC78)** which is a live coding example on custom events. Also available on our free online training ["Shopware 6 Backend Development"](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/course/events-and-di).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Academy learning content on events, subscribers, and dependency injection, see the **[Events and DI](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/course/events-and-di)** course in the free **Shopware Backend Development Intermediate** learning path.
```
